lo ladies engines when welcome back to
another generation seeks pokemon battle
this is a similar team to what I've been
losing my last couple of battles really
like it i've just swapped out first was
less tornadus nettles demand a tan but I
needed another special attacker so
besides Charizard so I've chucked on
green ninja and I'm going to lead with
Weaver because we file out speeds oh but
electrify elected vice we actually leads
lead I might do is go into my elective
electrode sorry and I'll see if you
wants to taunt me lift i also want to
see it what else he would go for a went
for the taunt straight off see how much
remove Blass does then okay so it's
always life all set okay then so it's an
offensive that's an interesting switch
in I guess that's what why he brought it
in fair enough I'm going to be straight
to manda buzz I don't think he'll be a
special set which is not and I'll just
go for the foul play because he's got a
massive attack at the moment they should
do a fair bit of damage get take him out
awesome so knocked out is dragon knight
so he's bringing horns crow he's
probably gonna sucker punch I was going
to roost I'll be brave bird of course it
was gonna sucker punch I'd resist that
and you get the Moxie yeah that's okay i
got my weavile for this so i can just
fake out the which chris is the UU team
besides as a dragonite and really i'm
going for knock off this should take do
a fair bit to about fifty percent
probably you say yeah take took him out
after the recall I was thinking that
actually we had to take it out to it a
low enough damage where I could take it
out with a ice shard so he's probably
gonna sucker punch so
I shard predicting this like a punch yep
so I get a free feed on with the wee
while and i'm just going to i shut again
take out he's always cry so it's i
really like predicting sucker punches
correctly did Indiana news is that this
battle don't really well actually so
he's gonna bring electrode in you won't
be able to do it heap to Mike on Kaldur
just because it's a salt best Conkeldurr
now a Sharpedo & ambu palm left and
neither of them want to take drain
punches very much so it's definite a
fake out that I'm not too worried what I
might do is Mac punch get max damage on
this thing because it might just u-turn
know if the last resort fair enough hmm
I'm going to weave all fake out I really
like we've all because it's got to
priority moves knock off now is a lot
stronger so i can actually take off
items really well i'm lowkey can
actually take out some of the bulkier
pokemon like to eat are and stuff snow
laksa dokos so i actually really
enjoying we've all again would have
already said thousand times but i just
love this little blue man tool to do so
i was going to click start timer come on
dude I also very much enjoy him ambipom
as well actually that you can't really
run you can I guess you don't really
want to run both on the team because
they both fit similar roles both fake
out lead with focus sash so what I might
do is actually I'm lightly would use
both them any problem is you can't
really switch into one of them so it
limits my switches in because they're
very frail okay I'm paralyzed mmm is you
know the Thunderbolt again what I might
do is remove last just get damaged up on
it up on it
because as soon as these things go on
it's in my florges I can just end in oh
I did a lot more that I thought it would
I floor just does have a special a very
high special attack actually so so what
I'll do now is go into sorry about I see
my microphone I'll go into Charizard
because in the Sun I should be gotta
take a waterfall reasonably well yep
merci reasonably well I meant not big
taken it apply it and hit it with a
solarbeam good GG um I think I'll call
it a call it a stop at there guys this
will be my second video upload today so
I'll have a very just before this one be
a very long one I'm not going to spoil
anything but I went for a while
certainly happened to me that it's never
happened to me before I was very
confused with it actually can happen
have to research it and I found out that
I can happen but the chances of it are
very very very low so this would be the
second video uploaded so I don't make it
too long thank you for watching if you
have any comments or questions we had to
tell me about anything anything you
wanna see at all let me know i'm really
liking this team as you probably can
tell by the fact that they're using
three videos if you like video feel free
to get a thumbs up if you check out my
other stuff in like that feel free to
subscribe but other than that thank you
for watching I hope you enjoyed the
video and i'll hopefully see you again
next time